# 340-Database-Project

On the main page of the website, the user will be a professor. The professor will login using a unique username and password. The professor will then see a list of courses currently being taught by the professor. If the professor is not currently teaching any classes, a message will be displayed stating that there are no classes available.  Once the professor selects a course by clicking on it, the screen will display a list of students taking the course. The professor is then able to select one of the students. There is a search bar to filter by last name. Once a student is selected, a new page will display all of the grade values and exams in the course. At the bottom of the page there will be a grade average. All of the grade values and exams are weighted the same. Every grade value will have a drop-down box, which allows the professor to change the scores to a different number, 0-100, or 
N/A. All of the scores will be listed as a percentage, so 100 is the highest score for each grade value.  Once the professor is ready to finish adjusting the students’ scores, the professor can submit the changes but clicking the “update” button. The professor will also be able to add a new exam or delete an exam by clicking “add” or “delete”, which is located to the right of the exam score. This will add/delete the exam for all students in the course. When the professor clicks “add”, a new page will appear, allowing the professor to choose the details for the new course and, when finished, click submit. 
